Finally, I anayzie some data to show the most earned revenu movie is Avatar with about 2.782 billion dollars, the least earned revenu movie is Shattered Glass with about 2 dollars and the top 5 movies based on revenues descending method are Avatar, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Titanic, The Avengers and Jurassic World. Then, i turned to analyize based on budget such the largest budget movie is The Warrior's Way with about 425 millon dollars, the lowest budget movie is Fear Clinic Roadwith about 1 dollar and the top 5 movies based on budget in descending method are The Warrior's Way, Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, Avengers: Age of Ultron and Superman Returns. Then profit case, i start by the most losses is The Warrior's Way movie with about 414 million dollars, the largest profit is Avatar with about 2.54 billon dollars and the top 5 movies based on their profit are Avatar with about 2.54 billon dollars, Star Wars: The Force Awakens with about 1.85 billon dollars, Titanic with about 1.65 billon dollars, Jurassic World with about 1.63 billon dollars and Furious 7 with about 1.31 billon dollars. The longest movie is The Story of Film: An Odyssey in 900 minutes and shortest movie is Batman: Strange Days in 3 minutes, most of movies reaches about 6000 movies between 130 to 150 minutes as explained in 'All movies runtime histogram', The average runtime movies is about 102.7 minutes. The most 5 popularity movies are Jurassic World with about 33% of popularity, Mad Max: Fury Road with about 28.4% of popularity, Interstellar with about 25% of popularity, Guardians of the Galaxy with about 14.3% of popularity and Insurgent with about 13.1% of popularity. The most actor appearances in movies is Robert De Niro and The most director to movies is Woody Allen. The most 5 actor appeared in movies are Robert De Niro, Samuel L. Jackson, Bruce Willis, Nicolas Cage and Michael Caine. the correlation between revenue & budget as scatter plot explained as a positive corellation relationship measure the quailty of movie, then i deducted that is no corrletion between movie runtime and popularity but most of popularity to the about 120 to 150 minutes movies.

Challenges and limititions:

My analysis presented operations are always dependent on the data provided to them, and they always contribute, after a good analysis, to the study of the success factors of the movie , as outlined from the given data. We encountered some problems, and we overcame what hinders us in the work presented by us, such as the NAN values and some types of data that are inconsistent with the nature of the operations. Which will be based on data such as the director column and other data in an incorrect format, such as release year, and Null values for the duration movie run time, geners, as well as the budget and revenues, and this necessitated converting them to 0 to ensure good results.
